just in time for st. Patrick's Day I've
got a great recipe that everyone is sure
to love it's Irish potato cakes with
apple cranberry sauce so I've started by
boiling two pounds of potatoes just as
if I are making mashed potatoes because
I am making mashed potatoes drain the
potatoes in a colander then add in some
butter and some salt and some chopped
garlic and some audience and then mash
the potatoes they feel their chunky
smooth okay pre-heat your oven to 400
degrees and then take a spoonful of the
potato mixture and on a parchment lined
baking sheet drop lane' on there and
flatten them out into about half-inch
rounds and then brush them with melted
butter and then bake them in the oven
for about 25 to 30 minutes until the
edges are brown and crispy meanwhile
make the applesauce by cooking cubed
apples in some butter then add in about
8 ounces of cranberries and a quarter
cup of wine bring that to a boil and
then cook it for about 10 minutes until
about all the liquid has evaporated I
remove the apples and cranberries to my
food processor now add some lemon zest
and some lemon juice and a couple of
tablespoons of honey and this is a hot
very hot product here so I'm going to be
careful when I process it and makes an
applesauce serve these hot potato cakes
with a dollop of that beautiful
applesauce get the recipe for free by
writing to the here at the station or
log on to the website click on the
kitchen guide page I'm chef Jim thanks
for watching kitchen guy the tastiest
two minutes in television happy st.
Patty's Day and I'll see you next time